these dear friends
we continue our
videos
dedicated to work
in the rest house they see Peter
one of the most common
questions matters is
training
using the speaker
on account
for this were works
several specialized
Bishkek
work cards
which allow the child enough
quickly
will stop
not easy with the score
and such concepts as
composition of the number
and further
It helps
master the simplest arithmetic
actions
the fact is that very often parents
start learning
invoice tariff exclusion
for a child
signs
unit deuce threesome seven
they initially there is nothing means
it's just today
simply
Pictures
the most correct way is
that when we explain to the child that
such a number of what it consists of
point by point
he is just
basic
and principles that allow the child
understand what consists of what
so bad what are twos
then we see in Bishkek what exists
sets of 100 people
1 2 3 4 so on and so forth
looking at the work with which the child
is learning
think
it happens very quickly
This Bishkek is considered one of the most
effective
her pleasure is used as
preschoolers and so on
younger students who only study
begin to study
composition
the same box
how can you work handed over books
first of all
as with any
other
and the floppy disk that we use
depth of the river
she and the baby mm open
in order
windows by rows
in this case, we have in the first
or cn
situated
in order
is increasing
unit
the child will quickly close its mouth
2 two points
country can go over
percent
from simple by memorizing
logical that is, for example, ask
question
What is the difference
picture
the first window from the second
such chat costs are here for one
more
although perhaps this is simply not to answer
it's all very individual
then we explain that when adding
another point is the following
number
two
barely
go ahead
meaning baby
thus remembers
amount of points
which were
was the first in history in the second third
in this case 4
exactly the same goes on
with subsequent
but how did you notice
in general, there are also
that is, multicolored and
which
but located in schools
Holpy what so to say poet
it's just that the child is not
just visually remembered
location of points
Anuchinsky believe
that is, when we
worked well enough
the first reactor is hardly the third reached
ten
analysts
then you can give the child assignments
what about she still to
counted
for that they
we can open in any order
windows
never just 10 points
we considered
remy opened 10
He was someone believes
Antonov survey was so much
first-graders points
that is, Akim in this way we
at the same time
we connect
memorization function ie attention and
memory
and just looking thought
and remembered
simple arithmetic
actions were going with so we show
how much
two points
eg
the Grand Prix
I ask how much it will be
he says 3 we say well in which
for cats find the number 3
and give in which is enough already
well known created in december thats
in this window next
there must be a pedestrian 3
yes indeed action when viewed
plus 2 will be
this way we are starting to summarize
so begins the simplest
arithmetic operations
that allow
clearly understands the total number
what it consists of what parts